This is the user story of the mobile app. It highlights what each user will be able to do and 
this then will be translated into code. This is part of Agile Software Development Process

User

a. As a user I can see all options available to me like all the utitility bills I can pay and investment options. 

b. As a user I can fund my wallet from my bank using my card. 

c. As a user I can fund my wallet using unique bank account number provided by digitmoni

d. As a user I can withdraw money from my wallet, to my bank account or any account of my choice

e. As a user I can also see my investment history 

f. As a user i can see view my utility purchase history

g. As a user i can make a complain via the app. 

h. I can continue using my account as default membership account or I can upgrad to partner

i. I can easily make my monthly partnership payment. 

j. As a partner I can make pay utilities and buy airtime at higher discounts.

k. As a user I can upload at least one profile picture if I want 

l. As a user I can edit or delete the uploaded profile picture.

m. As a user I can view and edit my profile.

n. As a user, I can reset my password via email otp if I forget it.

o. As a user I can change my password



Investment 

a. As a user I can chose from the investment options available. 

b. As a user I can decide whether or not my investment should be fixed or flex

c. As a user I can chose whether or not rollover of interest should apply to my investment or
if I want my interest sent to me monthly.

d. As a user I can cancel any of my investments anytime.



Investment Admin

a. As an investment admin, I can create new investment packages and set the rules for the packages 
like interest rate, minimum duration, cancellation costs etc. 

b. I can suspend an existing investment package.

c. I can create a new investment admin account

d. As investment admin, I can see all investments by all users and I can view these user profiles.

e. As investment admin, i can search investments with reference Id of the investment and view its details.

f. As an investment admin, I can cancel a user's investment if necessary.




Utility Admin

a. As utitility admin, I can create new view all utility options we have 

b. As utility adm I can set prices and discounts for various users(members and partners)

c. As utility admin, I can search utilities using the reference and view all details regarding any of them

d. I can also purchase utility for users from my own panel

f. I can suspend users from purchasing utilities if need be

g. I can see all the utility purchase metrics of users.



Super Admin

a. As a super admin, I can create other admins and users.

b. As a super admin, I can suspend other admins and users

c. As a super admin, I can do all that utility and investment admin can do

d. I can view overall analytics dashboard